+++
title = "'Street Not Thru': Street Closures, Neighborhood Geography, and Local Crime Rates in St. Louis, Missouri"
date = 2017-01-01T00:00:00  # Schedule page publish date.
draft = false

# Talk start and end times.
#   End time can optionally be hidden by prefixing the line with `#`.
time_start = 2018-04-05T11:00:00
time_end = 2018-04-05T12:15:00

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Christopher Prener", "Joel Jennings", "Cree Foeller"]

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "This presentation from the 2017 Urban Affairs Association annual meeting describes the systematic closure of streets in St. Louis, Missouri. We also present initial analyses showing that, at the neighborhood level, higher numbers of closures are not associated with lower levels of crime."
abstract_short = ""

# Name of event and optional event URL.
event = "Urban Affairs Association Annual Meeting"
event_url = "https://2018uaaannualconference.sched.com/"

# Location of event.
location = "Toronto, ON"

# Is this a selected talk? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this talk with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter your project's filename without extension.
#   E.g. projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects = ["ecometrics"]

# Tags (optional).
#   Set `tags = []` for no tags, or use the form `tags = ["A Tag", "Another Tag"]` for one or more tags.
tags = ["GIS", "St. Louis", "crime", "street barriers"]

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_slides = "https://speakerdeck.com/chrisprener/street-not-thru-street-closures-neighborhood-geography-and-local-crime-rates-in-st-louis-missouri"
url_video = ""
url_code = ""

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = "headers/barrier-pots2.jpg"
caption = "'Schoemehl' pot barriers in the Vandeventer neighborhood of North St. Louis <br> Image Credit: Christopher Prener"

+++

<script async class="speakerdeck-embed" data-id="a5218c771c984ee6a4d2e7ce0b4f2240" data-ratio="1.333125" src="//speakerdeck.com/assets/embed.js"></script>